my name is Chris I'm with my cricket
forum dot-com if you haven't been to my
cricket forum DICOM check it out if
you're cricket subscriber it's a great
place to learn how to flash devices and
just what all you can do with cricket
and what's new and upcoming for cricket
today I got bored I decided to search
Craigslist for Wi-Fi hotspots and I
found a Verizon Wireless five spot a
c-130 or AC 30 this device is a CDMA
device and it can also connect to GSM
networks
it comes with a SIM card I don't know if
it's locked if you would actually be
able to get service in Europe if you
decide to try to take this with you but
what we've done is we've taken our
Android data plan profile from one of
our phones and put it on this also so
son I think most of the times both both
devices can connect to the Internet at
the same time so you're actually only
paying one bill and getting two devices
on it but I'm not sure we should make a
big emphasis on that there I'm showing
the SIM card that came with it if I
haven't mentioned it yet this can
connect up to five devices wirelessly so
if you can only get one device at a time
on the internet your phone or this
choose this and then wires wirelessly
connect to it on your phone
we're going to speedtest.net to do a
quick test you might not be able to see
it but in the lower-left it would show
that we are actually connected to create
communications even though we're not on
a plan that routes the Internet through
the proxy it still says that we're in
Kansas for some reason and we're
actually in Texas when I did this it was
around 9:00 10:00 p.m. so you can assume
that there might be some people on their
phones maybe not
it's a let's see 20 a night earlier I
was getting better results than this but
it wasn't too bad I was on Facebook
posting some things
decided to run one more test our results
are a little bit better on this one but
since we're not paying an additional
monthly fee I mean I can't really
complain so mainly I did this to prove
to myself that just about any device can
be flash it's much easier to flash these
than flash a phone you're not really
worrying about talking text all you're
worried about is modifying the data
profile really putting a PRL on it here
I actually sign into the device
it shows Verizon Wireless on it because
it is Verizon software that you're using
and maybe if I change the banner it
might reflect something else but it's
really not worth it to me I don't need
to see that it says Cricut you can put
security on this device or leave it open
right now I have it open I'll probably
just throw this device in my pocket and
just in case I need to connect my laptop
any time I'll just pull it out so it's
convenient no additional fee can connect
up to five devices in a crunch could
come in handy the device cost me $40 so
again can't complain
all right check out my Cricut form comm
for more tutorials and for the actual
full flashing tutorial of this device
which should come out in about a week